Fix duplicate real time notifications (#1491)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-android: sdk/communication/azure-communication-chat/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History
## 2.1.0 (2024-01-18)

#### Bugs Fixed

> Address the issue described in https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-android/issues/1483. The SDK now incorporates more recent Trouter template to prevent Android devices from receiving repeated real-time notifications.

Reviewer: nit;
```suggestion
- Address the issue described in https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-android/issues/1483. The SDK now incorporates a more recent Trouter template to prevent Android devices from receiving duplicate real-time notifications.
```
